Richelle Direny: And that's what I'm trying to say today. They're just wrong.
Richelle Direny: You know, our nation.
Richelle Direny: In times of struggle we see the true greatness of the American con we are seeing that a lot of people are talking about it.
Richelle Direny: We're at 141 countries from what does it tell. Sorry about that.
Michael Hudson: Right, all right, it's all interesting huh
Michael Hudson: Are you
Richelle Direny: I'm good, I'm good, how are you doing
Michael Hudson: I'm okay. I'm worked all night and came home and I've had a really long night when blue so hard last night that I didn't. I don't know how many miles I drove sideways.
Richelle Direny: Really
Richelle Direny: The weather.
Richelle Direny: Is really bad, bad
Michael Hudson: Bad for my Australia.
Michael Hudson: What snoring just rain torrential rain all night and I pulled out till
Michael Hudson: This morning, about eight o'clock show
Richelle Direny: Wow you what's up and let me send you to it. Again, you have your own company, right.
Michael Hudson: Transport for Amazon to the post office their prime there overnight stuff.
Richelle Direny: Oh, so you guys are busy now with
Michael Hudson: Well, we are for time being I mean
Michael Hudson: You know, people are just yakking replace thinkers martial law, and it's the craziest thing I've ever seen.
Michael Hudson: Or your there by going nuts down there. You're on the beach. Right. I mean, same
Richelle Direny: Morning someone you will. Yeah. Now they're threatening because the Spring Breakers guess a lot more young people because of the spring break a lot more young people are going out to the beach, like they don't really care.
Richelle Direny: So they're starting to end at bat I guess a curfew. And if you're at the beach, because of the fact that you're only supposed to be in small groups.
Richelle Direny: There are showing ton loads of people at the beach. So because of that, they're really going to be given out fines or something of that nature.
Michael Hudson: Weekend right
Michael Hudson: I believe last week in a minute.
Richelle Direny: Yeah. And then I saw someone sent me something saying that
Richelle Direny: They like it was the longest train I've ever seen with all of these military tankers on the train coming down here to Florida in Fort Lauderdale.
Richelle Direny: So I'm like this is really serious and not to say, you know, not to minimize that this is not real, or what have you, but I mean I'm just like, what kind of virus does this
Michael Hudson: Was around last. Do you remember last fall when they were having the flu season and they said there was a strain of flu that was here, that wasn't
Michael Hudson: Vaccine
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Michael Hudson: So this same virus that was here last ball.
Michael Hudson: And it was cold and 19 and this whole thing I don't understand. But I've never seen anything quite like this way. It's all coming together and it's all phone, you know,
Michael Hudson: Don't you know there's so many ways this could go
Michael Hudson: You know, but I don't
Michael Hudson: I'm not panic and I'm not, I just really just thinking, it'll stop when it stops. I don't know what they're doing. I think they're inactive or practicing what i don't think i mean
Michael Hudson: A lot of guys that I know are thinking as martial law being practiced to see how it will take to take the ever need to use it.
Richelle Direny: You know and I, you know, and I, I'm not one to follow politics. I don't necessarily really try to because to me it's just all confusing. Some of it. You put a lot of it. You question.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I just, I have no clue what they're doing. And, you know, honestly, honestly, Michael, you can't put nothing past the government. I'm sorry, I just have to use nothing has been
Michael Hudson: fully agree. I watch it just about every day just to try to keep up on a hobby of mine, and it's just the biggest
Michael Hudson: In my own opinion and I've been watching this all the since he came into office. I'll watch about an hour day, and
Michael Hudson: I think they tried three times and put them out of office, it couldn't succeed. So now they're given the last attempt right before election day, because that's how badly they want him at office. And that's just what I think that
Richelle Direny: Will you know what this is my philosophy, you know, like at this point you you know it is what it is. There are certain things you have no control over. And depending on what you believe you know if if he supposed to be there.
Richelle Direny: I guess it is what it is because there's nothing you can mean you said we think we have the power to do things, but it goes to show how little power you have one
Little
Richelle Direny: Little power.
Richelle Direny: People think that they're also powerful, but you really truly have a little power to the bigger picture and then
Richelle Direny: You know, people put crucified, other people. Oh, it's because you didn't want. No, no, no. It's like, Come on now. Like, we're always left scratching our heads saying, I really don't understand what just happened.
Michael Hudson: So the club in the whole United States that club right there to biggest corporate office business that's ever been around the longest one and they're not going to change it. They're all just doing what they do and
Richelle Direny: They're doing what they do. But this I you know what, honestly, I
Richelle Direny: You know, like I've been telling people in groups and what have you. I said, you know, we are in a crisis.
Richelle Direny: Occurred crisis that we all are scratching our heads and saying something about this whole thing doesn't make sense. But we are in a crisis.
Richelle Direny: It is our reality. The question is what are you going to are you going to allow the crisis to make you
Richelle Direny: Do irrational things make irrational decisions do things that make no sense for your own personal self.
Richelle Direny: And that's literally kind of where we are. It's like think about now is the time to stop and think to yourself, if they're going to mandate, all of us to quarantine ourselves in our homes.
Richelle Direny: Are you prepared to be able to do that. Can you do that. Do you have enough food. Do you have enough essential items to be able to stay locked in your house for two to three weeks or however long that may they force you to do that.
Michael Hudson: China was two months.
Richelle Direny: I know
Michael Hudson: I know I locked down. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That would make anybody start climbing out of their skin. I know personally
Michael Hudson: Always. You can go with it. I mean, I don't understand. I don't, I'm not. I'm just going to keep on doing what I do, until I can't do it anymore and then
Michael Hudson: The six feet rule. I get it.
Michael Hudson: Went to buy a pizza last night and they gave us a roll of toilet paper with the pizza.
Richelle Direny: They gave me
Michael Hudson: Twitter closed all the restaurants. You can't buy anything in the restaurants here. You can't sit down and eat so they wrote a toilet paper and a ball a hand sanitizer with the pizza. That was your bonus
Richelle Direny: Wow.
Michael Hudson: I mean, it was a joke.
Richelle Direny: And that's where we are. But you know what, but you know, it's so, so there's the philosophy, where
Richelle Direny: I think it was in the group. The other night like now I start closing out the groups with, you know, well,
Richelle Direny: You know practice your hygiene, washing your hands. And I said, you know, the reality of it. We're all panicking, but this is our reality.
Richelle Direny: This virus and whatever is going on right now is not telling you to do anything out of the norm.
Richelle Direny: It's not some new unforeseen like oh I don't know how to do these things, like what is no it's just telling you you should be washing your hands. Anyway, you should be practicing proper hygiene, all of the things that you should have been doing every so it's kind of like
Richelle Direny: Like you say your, your wife, she you know has medical issues you her doctor's office calling and sending you emails and saying, oh, now we're sanitizing the place. Now, my question is, so you're telling me all the time. He wasn't doing it.
Michael Hudson: Now you're saying after the fact. Correct. I got just
Michael Hudson: A few guys at home right now there didn't take they took off, they left me working seven days a week and I are guy was harder work.
Michael Hudson: Seven days a week, because one of them. I'm calling Bubble Boy he remember the judge about the movie. He was in the bubble. I just told him that this morning. I said, I'm gonna buy that for you for Christmas. You got written. Put your feet down run around like
Michael Hudson: He took off right when it happened, but his girlfriend or wife has asthma.
Michael Hudson: I understand. I've got one here. So when you tell me something like that, you know, there's not much you can tell me it's going to affect me and make me think that it's that big of an emergency.
Michael Hudson: You know, I understand something happens, but I get it, you know, and I gotta respect it and it's not. I can't judge anybody just point
Michael Hudson: This guy turned out to be the biggest germ of both Franco that I've ever met my life greatest worker I've ever had. But
Michael Hudson: I swear, I don't know, you know, but you don't know people until something like this happens. And I got my other people are loading up of ammunition. They're not around me. I mean, they're getting their stuff together plywood and, you know, ready to lock down on the next
Richelle Direny: Slide, which means I would
Michael Hudson: Bring up their house because they're afraid people are going to come in and start trying to get into their house to get their food, and he's prep or people
Michael Hudson: The lady out by the place where I work at the Speedway that sees every Amazon driver is telling everyone that the National Guard's being deployed to shut the airport down and lock down the airport and lock down the roads and so every driver and Amazon thinks
Michael Hudson: That they're, you know. She knows what she's talking about because her son to the National Guard. They waited till five o'clock last night for the stopping like those people have waited for them. The world and that day.
Michael Hudson: Love whatever time it didn't happen.
Richelle Direny: It happened a few years ago, like it like it was like six o'clock in May. And I'll never forget the month was man, it was like six o'clock the world supposed to end. And I'm like, Okay.
Michael Hudson: Amy, what time you can get can get the lottery, but they can pick out what talk a little bit and
Michael Hudson: When I'm walking around last night. Everybody still there nobody mentioned that part about the National Guard being there and how big of a deal was. But these people. I don't know what it is but I
Michael Hudson: They call me at night may just talk because I got an inside grip on what's going on with the people I know out there.
Michael Hudson: It's like the militia, you know, they rant rave rant rave. And this is just all turned into the biggest you know it is what you make of it is all I think I could be totally wrong.
Richelle Direny: I mean, I definitely agree.
Richelle Direny: I mean, like you said, you want to respect everyone and, you know, at the same time, you know, trying to help someone makes sense out of nonsense.
Richelle Direny: It's that you want to your are you going, you're going to follow everything that you're being told, you're going to be as cautious as possible, especially
Richelle Direny: Like, like you said, you have a wife at home who has medical issues. You don't want to put yourself in harm's way, because at the end of the day, are you really going to be truly practicing practicing social distancing with your spouse.
Richelle Direny: You know you can. That's not that that's not possible. You cannot practice social distancing with the people in your home.
Richelle Direny: So then, therefore, if you have to go out to work every day you are going to be mindful, you are going to be in tune of what's going on. But are you going to act over the top. It's just like, that's where kind of, you have to pick sense out of nonsense. You're not going to
Michael Hudson: Be everywhere.
Michael Hudson: People are everywhere, whether it be this or something else. There's only that person.
Richelle Direny: Yes, there's
Richelle Direny: People just need a reason to. It's kind of like my thing with like when people go and start right it's, you know, you just needed a reason to go do what you already wanted to do.
Richelle Direny: You just needed a reason. So somebody gave you a reason. Now you're leaving your job to go do something. No. No, you shouldn't have done that so you know it's
Richelle Direny: Be mindful. Just be careful. It's, you know, really, and continue to do what you are naturally supposed to do before the virus during the virus and after the virus, you're supposed to be doing it anyway.
Richelle Direny: And it practicing your own self care is really also what's very important because I think where the other piece of it where I can see for a lot of people depending on where everyone at with their own mental stability. Their sobriety and everything else. You also have to
Richelle Direny: Practice your own self care because being locked up in a in a home or isolating yourself and shutting yourself off from the world can
Richelle Direny: Have an impact on you mentally and emotionally. It really can put people in depression if you were depressed before this can do that.
Richelle Direny: If you think especially their people that are losing their jobs or work is cutting back and really not knowing where your source of anything is coming from.
Richelle Direny: So there's just so much that can just spin out of that. And for me that's just kind of what I look at, and that's what I see. I mean, am I going to panic. An act like that. No, like, no.
Michael Hudson: You're already set up for this because you're working home. You got the video already going on, you're not having to go home and learn how to set all this up. You already got it well.
Richelle Direny: I can I can I just let me just tell you a little secret. I know, I work outside of my house to
Richelle Direny: Do
Yeah, so I
Michael Hudson: Think
Richelle Direny: Either way, either way. I mean, I'm in an office right now. I'm actually in an office right now.
Richelle Direny: But then, you know, I go home. I have a child at home that has medical issues as well. And so therefore, just like you. I have to be mindful, not just now, but always, you have to be mindful of what you do, because of, you know,
Michael Hudson: Exactly.
Richelle Direny: She has an autoimmune. So for her a regular flu can be bad. Not just this a regular person who comes in sick and coughs on her and she gets sick, it can have an impact on her.
Richelle Direny: So this during and after I still have to be mindful of what it is that I do. So therefore, I'm not going to, you know, be over the top in anything that I do.
Richelle Direny: I learned years ago that
Richelle Direny: From someone that did microbiology who studied who, you know, I don't know if you know when you were in school. They used to have these a car in science class where they put things on a car, they tell you rub the door knob and rub different things.
Richelle Direny: Put it on a car and you put it in an autoclave. And you see what grows on it and you
Michael Hudson: Say yes.
Richelle Direny: And so they tell you to do it on your hand just so you can see how much bacteria is on your hand and it shows you all these different bacteria that's just even on your hand clean and unclean.
Richelle Direny: And they still show you like they're still something that grows. So it tells me that naturally. Our bodies have we have natural bacteria that's honest that's there to protect us.
Richelle Direny: Now if you go over the top with all of this hot. If you really truly go over the top and you're using a tub of hand sanitizers all day. What are you doing, you're opening up yourself.
Michael Hudson: lowering your defenses.
Richelle Direny: You're lowering your natural defenses and what's going to happen. So now you're going to blame all the current of know, technically, you did it to yourself when you started going over and above what the whole cleaning of yourself.
Richelle Direny: Because you you you toward on your natural defenses.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, I was telling a friend yesterday. I said, you know, you keep doing what you're doing now your real issue is, you're gonna have your long it's going to start collapsing, simply because of all this chemical you're breathing in from cleaning the place. So I sent you.
Michael Hudson: Did your grandmother, keep the bacon grease up on the stove.
Michael Hudson: In the bat on the cheese that you sold at school. And that turned into the bacon grease holder. Right. And then the fried chicken on Sunday would stay out till Monday we ate that when I was growing up, and not you know it was a two day rule I
Michael Hudson: Yes, I believe that that prepped me for this day.
Michael Hudson: Off.
Michael Hudson: You know, the way you put it in perspective, especially with what you got going on what you just told me with that situation at home.
Michael Hudson: An emergency is to you and I are emergencies. The you know their way up here, it has to be up here for me to call an emergency, because I got I've been through one through nine. It's got to be a tag and
Michael Hudson: It just freaks me out to watch this stuff. I don't feel like I'm smarter than anybody. But I just feel like I
Michael Hudson: You know, calm down. Just relax you
Richelle Direny: I think everything we go through in life. We are we are faced with different challenges personal challenges that like you said it prepares you for
Richelle Direny: Something like this where you say, yeah, it's not to the point where I need to panic. It's this is not really to that point. And even if
Richelle Direny: I think I've been through more where I can say it's still, I don't need to be panicking, not the way because in this panic, you tend to start spending money you're already struggling financially. Now you're spending. What you really don't have. It's kind of like now.
Richelle Direny: What, why do we need so much toilet paper.
Michael Hudson: I didn't know. I mean, I go through. I honestly, I'd be quite honest, the case in my own bathroom. I use it for months and months. My mother. The other side is a daughter. You know, I don't get it. And I'm I played
Michael Hudson: I get it. But, you know, the bad thing is the work the business is all shutting down here.
Michael Hudson: You know, that's going to be the bad thing and I feel bad for the food industry, my daughter was working a second job. She's got a job at Kroger's, and she's working in the food industry as well as she was training.
Michael Hudson: And they shut the company down. So I'll carry out now and her fiance is the manager of the place, and they've shut him down to carry out or so.
Michael Hudson: And the guy took off work. I'm like, what are you gonna do for money in three months, maybe you have a lot more money than I do. But I got a three or four months supply that I can get to
Richelle Direny: And
Michael Hudson: I don't know. You know, he just went like immediately when all this one down, and it's but that's the only thing I see is going to be the
Michael Hudson: Physical part of it, you know, with the financial end of it, it's going to be that's going to cause a problem.
Richelle Direny: In that in that scene. That's where
Richelle Direny: I think I know from for me. From a clinical perspective, that's where you look at, and you just say like, what's the inventory, you're doing for your own self, you know,
Richelle Direny: Because financially, like I can see the backlash of what is this going to cost you know they're already talking about like a big recession, you know, like I heard the President, the other day talking about a $1 trillion stimulus.
Michael Hudson: Dollars. That's the budget that. But now, today we're talking
Richelle Direny: As a trillion dollars that when bush was in office, wasn't it like a 700 and something billion.
Richelle Direny: Where we got a trillion dollars from
Michael Hudson: Well, I think Clinton came into like it was enough to go from the Earth to the Moon and dollar bills. If you recall, it was $1. That's how much that was when Bush Senior left or whatever it was.
Michael Hudson: Just not gonna do anything there. They give everybody 1000 or 1500 dollars and you know I know what that does that. That doesn't pay my mortgage. Honestly, I'm not, you know, it doesn't one month what what what are people going to do. I mean,
Michael Hudson: I don't think that's the answer. I think I don't know what the answer is. I think they got a problem. And I think they created this problem. I think the day they did this. But the government did by
Michael Hudson: Where they put everybody now they got to figure out how to handle it and I don't know how you can do that with all the business going out of business are going to come back. Some of them are going to come back.
Michael Hudson: People watching job permanently. They're not professional you know like what you do for a living.
Michael Hudson: So your, your vital, but some of these non vital job servers and restaurants and things like that doesn't mean that they're not important, not just me.
Richelle Direny: In how are you going to bounce back from that man. And I thought about that. I thought it was thinking about that. It was this morning or last night. And I'm like, you know, all of these businesses closing now.
Richelle Direny: Wow, there's some dogs that was just like, how do you bounce back from that, like, how do you bounce back from that.
Richelle Direny: But I mean, overall, I think, you know, everyone does. Like I said, it's a personal inventory as to
Richelle Direny: Sitting down and really looking at the next, you know, let's start off with the next month in comparison to the next three months.
Richelle Direny: It's thinking about, you know, what am I going to do just in my short term goal in the next month. What is my clan, um, you know, so
Richelle Direny: It. That's really what you have to think about, you know, just for your own peace of mind your own emotional, mental stability. Sit down. Take pen to paper and really consider what do you do in the neck. What, what, what, what is my plan for the next month. If it is that they order nationally
Richelle Direny: For the, for the nation to really shut down for all 50 United States for us to all shut down their quarantining us if they do that, like, what exactly is the plan. And I know you say your, your wife has the beginning stages of dementia.
Michael Hudson: Yeah, she's words the stroke. She had, she passed to die out in the house here a couple times and a paler back and then she was down in a coma and she also talks and it's like a 15% of the minimum
Michael Hudson: Neither motor function because you can still drive like a mug and get their vast and she's anxious, she can't calm down or filter is gone, and it just people she just 100 miles an hour. And you can see the wheels spinning. She just can't ever calm down anymore just
Michael Hudson: So like even
Richelle Direny: For you.
Michael Hudson: If it is that they are
Richelle Direny: If they say like, okay, so you have to be home for two to three weeks. I don't know. You don't have young children at home right
Michael Hudson: Now she's raising our
Michael Hudson: Kids are gone. Okay. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so, so it would just be you and her in the
Michael Hudson: Home.
Richelle Direny: In your house. So like, even for her. If you had to be home for two weeks, three weeks or a month. Would that do you think that will raise her anxiety or is she fully aware of what's going on around her like is that increasing her anxiety.
Michael Hudson: She didn't
Michael Hudson: Know what we have three different levels here. So I have a level. She has a level we meet in the middle. And I go back to my level is perfect.
Michael Hudson: In a bad way.
Richelle Direny: That I get you.
Michael Hudson: 22 years. That's how you do it.
Michael Hudson: I don't think it'll cause or I mean if it gets worse and it affects her being able to get in the car and go buy something season.
Michael Hudson: And new things to buy stuff and centered around the house and skin tags on it since minimal stop. It's little stumping
Michael Hudson: You know, there's a bunch of that she does your hundred bucks. She goes, benign, one should be calling you to get the dollar is like I'm $1 over so that will bother. I think that's what we'll call her. You know, if their daily routine or what she wants to do.
Oh, it's changed.
Richelle Direny: So, are you prepared for that because it could possibly change in the next few days. It could change a lot where she is not going to be able to go out, because now they're saying if you're really out
Richelle Direny: I know here at my, you know, primary employer if they do tell you if we're out and about, we have to show them a letter saying like, if they're asking you, like, why are you out, you have to show a letter to say why are you out and not home.
Michael Hudson: Of your yet so I didn't know. Yeah. How would you explain that. I mean, Home Depot plumbing issues or stuff like that the store. I'm sure you have to do a letter. Every time you go out. You got it.
Richelle Direny: And sometimes some some employers like they put they have some companies prepare for that, where they give you something.
Richelle Direny: Telling you, it's kind of like here in Florida, we have like in during Hurricane Season, depending on your role and what you do.
Richelle Direny: If you had to have to go out, you will show and they will always they will allow you to do what it is that you need, like if you need to go to work, they will allow you
Richelle Direny: So they have checkpoints and if you have to go through that checkpoint, then you will say, hey, this is my badge. This is where I'm going. And they will allow you to go
Michael Hudson: You have you ever credentials. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So, but then for for like her.
Richelle Direny: How would that be so like I used to work in a psych facility. And that was one big thing, like when you have to go to work, because usually during crisis like this. A lot of people like their anxiety gets increased and so you find an increase in admissions in a psychiatric facility.
Richelle Direny: So for someone, you know, with her with her anxiety kind of in, like you said, changing her routine. What is your preparation to assist through that.
Michael Hudson: Okay, to explain to you. You wouldn't disagree. I don't want to sound I have gone through so much and so everything is I can't even explain to you. Everything that I've gone through since
Michael Hudson: This happened. I knew she was a pistol to start out with. And that's why we got
Michael Hudson: Together we try
Michael Hudson: This is just something that you don't see on TV and and i i don't even think i'm not i'm prepared for whatever comes along. I don't want to say like that. There's food, little bit of money put up
Michael Hudson: I just have to deal with it. And you know what I mean, that's kind of way I feel about. That's what I do now every day is I would end up just like
Michael Hudson: I can tell you what it's like a boom.
Richelle Direny: So it's like, it's always
Michael Hudson: Every five minutes late. So, and I have to just
Michael Hudson: lacks a common down. And so it
Michael Hudson: You just have to see the view work where you take, you know, what you just told me you you get it.
Michael Hudson: Where it is now, I think.
Richelle Direny: I think it's all, it's kind of identifying new routines on because it almost sounds like she has moments of mania.
Richelle Direny: Is what which she's she was never diagnosed bipolar. Was she
Michael Hudson: I think she was officially seen any one of your capacity to
Richelle Direny: To make to have a diagnosis. Okay. Because based on what you're saying. It sounds like there's some degree of mania that's coupled with that but
Richelle Direny: And so it's identifying, you know, what are some of those triggers and you're saying like one of those triggers is when you have to take her out of her routine because people who have routine.
Richelle Direny: You have to be aware of what the routine is in any kind of slip up of that routine can throw the person into like almost an anxiety attack or
Richelle Direny: You know, do her become manic because you're taking them out of that routine and I can see something like this with everything that's going on.
Richelle Direny: I can see what I can almost foresee for people who have these mental health disorders. What it's going to do for them. And so I think for that for your own emotional and mental state of mind.
Richelle Direny: It's kind of start thinking ahead of What processes do I put in place that in the event. Now I'm home with my wife and
Richelle Direny: She is forced to have to stay home in lockdown and can't go out, what is it going to do to her mentally and then the stress that it's going to bring on her. Is it going to increase her blood pressure.
Richelle Direny: For because the she has high blood pressure as well. Right.
Michael Hudson: Diabetic it's the same
Richelle Direny: Even with
Michael Hudson: You know with up and down with blood sugar's up and down and having to need to
Richelle Direny: Control that because, because this is the other thing I truly believe that stress is one of those factors that no one can test for with
Richelle Direny: And unless you really truly a studying this person each and every day to know when she really gets overly stress.
Richelle Direny: You know, it could spike her blood sugar outside of the natural causes of what can do that. It could either spike it make it lower her and guide psyche go up or down.
Richelle Direny: But it's just being prepared for that. The stress of saying hey you know what we have to stay home.
Richelle Direny: We are not allowed to go out and we have to do this for the next two weeks or three weeks. And so for you mentally outside of everything that you've ever experienced this situation is very new for her and for you.
Michael Hudson: This
Richelle Direny: Down. It's very new. So it's kind of like, oh, I've experienced ABC and D, but you've ever experienced this. And this magnitude. So given that you've never experienced it at this magnitude. Think about all of the SIS the circumstances and all of the the trials you have gone through with her.
Richelle Direny: What can what little thing that you can take from each thing and compile it together to help you to prepare for what could come in this time.
Richelle Direny: And it's just really preparing yourself. No one says that it will happen, or it's going to happen, but it's like it's better to be prepared that. And if it does, you already your sleep. Are you pretty much have
Michael Hudson: A thought about a little bit. And I think what
Michael Hudson: I think I would organize, I would spend time trying to figure out some kind of system that's what she can do is
Michael Hudson: Put stuff down forget where it is. I think I would work on an organizational system in the house where maybe that's frustrates you the most. Is she can't find anything I have it in hand, send it down. Five minutes later, she's looking forward
Michael Hudson: So I think that's what I would do. And also, I don't think, I mean where I think that I am right now just where I landed here. I don't think I'm going to end up not being able to, I think I'll be able to work.
Michael Hudson: I'll take I got so maybe I thought about putting in the truck and just letting it ride with me.
Michael Hudson: To get her out, you know, so that's the two things I thought about should we get put in that situation.
Richelle Direny: Have you ever done that before.
With her
Michael Hudson: Couple times
Richelle Direny: And how does she like it having to rattle around with
Michael Hudson: It say she likes it, we don't you know just the anxiety in the vehicle, you know, just when it's probably not a good idea. And I bring out
Michael Hudson: What's the
Michael Hudson: Word.
Richelle Direny: Because I'm like, if it's if it's something if she's liked it. In the past, or you may hurt like a really useful in the sense that
Richelle Direny: You know she's a part of the whole equation. She's a part of the process in the work of she likes it, then maybe you know it would be a good idea if if her routine is going to now change.
Richelle Direny: Is definitely something to think about. But if that's not gonna work.
Michael Hudson: It won't put you
Richelle Direny: Out of a job then know
Richelle Direny: What puts you out of a job is sure what in
Richelle Direny: Corona was my wife.
Michael Hudson: To drink.
Michael Hudson: No.
Michael Hudson: No, no, I appreciate that embalming I'll think about that. I just never thought about. I mean, I have worked for the last
Michael Hudson: Five or six years straight day 364 days a year, no holidays and it just because of her loss of income, not being able to come in and I got same amount of bills and we both have the same number. So,
Michael Hudson: I when I buried myself into work and so it almost, it would be a welcome change. I think for just a little while.
A little while
Michael Hudson: I know that you're in the middle of lunch you by met with me at lunch today. Are you are you I didn't want to
Richelle Direny: eat lunch, whatever time. I usually eat lunch with someone she don't roll up to like one clocks.
Michael Hudson: Just want to keep you from anything. I really appreciate you mentioning it
Michael Hudson: Know,
Michael Hudson: This whole thing is just thrown off my whole plan of conversation. I just, you know, just the way things have gone down last couple days so
Michael Hudson: I don't have anything dramatic on my brain. And I just want to let you know where I I've never done heroin and I haven't. I started doing
Michael Hudson: Had pain medication and it got out of control. I was doing a couple two three extra day I found myself doing
Michael Hudson: And I have neuropathy diabetic neuropathy. So what I did. I was talking to my doctor and I didn't want to go to the doctor's office every month again and
Michael Hudson: I talked to my doctor and I had to have some control because it's just a, it's a nerve damage thing with me. And so the Suboxone
Michael Hudson: I dropped that I call Dr. Malik myself and I said you know when to try it out. That's a boxing to stop that and they're off the park. So I haven't had any are opting for the last 1415 months as long as I've been doing this. And that's where I came from. So
Michael Hudson: When I sit there and I try to not be disrespectful and I, I've got an empathetic both everybody in this situation.
Michael Hudson: Some of them I doubt there's been a couple of them are really very hated me just about the pregnancy thing I discussed earlier. Like, I mean, I couldn't even breathe.
Michael Hudson: Last, you know, it's just
Michael Hudson: It's just a personal thing. I mean, it's not judging anybody. It's just like, you know,
Michael Hudson: But
Michael Hudson: The longer I've been around this. I've learned to kind of understand more.
Michael Hudson: It's like that day when I stuck my foot my mouth, I say somebody told you go left or go right and this is going to destroy your life or go right
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm.
Michael Hudson: Well, I kind of stuck my foot. My mouth that day and I didn't mean to, but I never
Michael Hudson: I just did. I have trouble sitting there that's reason I come once a month, I just have trouble with that conversation, nobody
Michael Hudson: I just, I don't feel
Michael Hudson: Involved in that conversation.
Richelle Direny: You don't feel like and I feel so this is so this is how I think.
Richelle Direny: I think everything is just based on a perspective of how people look I think because I think you can learn from everyone no matter what, whether
Richelle Direny: Or they're not. What are your thing is just, you know, you know, I get depressed because of life or whatever you can learn from everyone, because you can say something and I can take whatever you're saying to me.
Richelle Direny: And I can find a way to apply it to. How can what he is saying the underlining thought of what he's saying, or the main point. How can I apply to even my situation and circumstance, because
Richelle Direny: We're all humans we're all likely to experience something in life and I can learn from you.
Richelle Direny: I can learn from a person who is a heroin addict, because it's to me in my eyes. It really truly isn't so much about the drug itself whether your drug of choices pain pills or someone else's alcohol or
Richelle Direny: Whatever it is, whatever your drug of choice is all it is, you're addicted to the idea of masking the core of what is bothering you, what is causing you to take something or to reach for something, some kind of numbing device, some kind of feel good device for that moment.
Richelle Direny: So it's really just all about, you know, a person's perspective and depending again on what season you are in life, what your face, you
Richelle Direny: Are much older individual you've been there for 20 years you have your own cross that you have to bear and you have to deal with on a day to day basis.
Richelle Direny: I'm a younger person my cross that I have to bear. It's based on my years of life which is far less than yours.
Richelle Direny: So it really depends on. So one person speaks, it's going to speaking very differently than how it speaks to you based on the season that you are in your life and what you've experienced and what you've dealt with and everything that's just kind of the perspective that I see it honestly
Richelle Direny: The way I look at things. I don't think that anyone like I'm not necessarily your traditional or your routine type of counselor, I go with, like, what is going on with you right now that is what's going on. That's how I look at it.
Richelle Direny: If what's going on. Like, I look at right now with the crisis of everything that's going on right now.
Richelle Direny: That's what I'm going to address because that's primary to what your original reason you are in the program because that's a stressor that's going on right now. And if we don't
Richelle Direny: Learn how to hold in control and deal with it. Yes. What's going to happen. You're going to go back to your old habits of finding that feel good numbing device.
Richelle Direny: To keep you calm and that's just kind of house. So don't ever for by any means, if you're going to be meet with me from here on out. Don't feel like you need to come presented with some traumatic event if nothing happened to you, dramatic the day we ain't talking about
Michael Hudson: I was going to show you know I was going to go into
Michael Hudson: Yeah, and I
Michael Hudson: I just, I get it. And I understand. And that's why I wanted to talk to you and just posted the other person because of your thought process and the way you express yourself and how you come up with a. That's why we go
Richelle Direny: But yeah, if nothing is dramatic going on. Don't make up nothing dramatic because I'm a call you out on it, like, Okay, listen. Let's go with what what is real for you right now.
Richelle Direny: What is something real that you're facing right now and if, what if, now if something in your past is present right now and causing any stressor, then let's talk about it. But if something pressing in, and I know from group until now.
Richelle Direny: What's pressing right now is what you're going through with your wife. That's a lot to deal with that is a lot because you're talking about
Richelle Direny: You know it's it's reflecting back on the vows, for better or for worse, in sickness and in health, till death do us you're living that you're living your vows right this very moment.
Richelle Direny: You are living your vows and like you said you've been with a person for so long, are going to say, hey, you're a sign up for this. So let me bounce know you did sign up for it. You just never knew you were going to experience it like this.
Richelle Direny: Now that I'm living my vows.
Richelle Direny: How do I really truly live my vows, because this is hard because what I'm dealing with with my wife right now.
Richelle Direny: Is very different from this loving bubbly person that we can sit and have a conversation. We can go out to dinner, you know, I'm not doing all of this for her so now
Richelle Direny: I'm having to live in. How do I do, how do I go through it. Is there someone that I can talk to about how I'm feeling right now and how I'm overwhelmed right now.
Richelle Direny: And what I really truly appreciated about when you brought this up. And I think that speaks volumes to what's going on. It's when you talked about your situation.
Richelle Direny: And you express emotions in it. It's like, that's real because that's really truly what's going on with you right now.
Richelle Direny: And it's not bottling up because that's where the stressors coming. That's where the depression come in because then society teaches us
Richelle Direny: Not to show our emotions, not to express our emotions and not to speak about it.
Richelle Direny: Well you know what, that's really what causes our depression because we're locking it up all inside, you have to release it. That's how you learn to deal with it. And that's how you learn to cope with it in a healthy manner.
Richelle Direny: It's by talking about it if your reality right now is, you know what, you know, I live at home. It's just my wife and I, she has her issues and I'm learning to
Richelle Direny: I'm having to deal with it. And I never thought that
Richelle Direny: This is how it's going to be, because in our mind when I said I do to my husband. I said, I do to a wonderful life.
Richelle Direny: I dream that when I get into my 16th. We can travel the world because that's what we talked about. We can retire. We can travel, we can visit the grandkids, we could do this, we can do that.
Richelle Direny: That's what we talked about doing never did. I talked about nama have to give her a bath. Now I'm gonna have to make sure I watch her and I'm gonna have to put a life alert on her.
Richelle Direny: Never did I think about that. But now, that's my reality and nobody else around me is really going through it. So how do I cope with the part of my vows that says, in sickness and in health,
Richelle Direny: Till death do us
Michael Hudson: Part of stress on your side and I can only imagine that to you know it's a key conversation quite a bit and in your thought process, I guess. Yeah, I guess.
Richelle Direny: So, but, but, but I'm saying all of this to say like, you think about it, and you process that 20 years ago or whenever it was 20 years ago. You say you got married 20 years ago right
Richelle Direny: 22 years ago when you looked at this woman that you were smitten by and you say, I want to spend the rest of my life with her and you said those vows. Did you really truly process every word of those vowels. When you said it.
Michael Hudson: Not really processing. Oh no, it was just emotional. I mean, you knew you knew what you wanted to do something that was a process to go through. But I was already there. You know you. It was a piece of paper, but it was we were already bonded. You know, so
Michael Hudson: Sure, but but
Richelle Direny: But now those vowels are right in your face. They're standing up in your face and now you're like, Whoa.
Richelle Direny: To how do I get through this.
Richelle Direny: And I'm doing this just for myself.
Richelle Direny: People could come help you but
Michael Hudson: They could
Michael Hudson: Be killed me already. Just going to God. I don't even know what to say about it, but you just go with the flow. That's all I can you know and then people some, you know, the thing, it really
Michael Hudson: I don't talk about them is because when people hear about it. They're like, oh, you know, I've got so much freestyle. Yeah, I don't want. That's not why I'm not here to that purpose. It's not
Michael Hudson: I'm here because I do what I do miss my life. I don't go to work, talk about my life case. I got a call and say, look, I'm going to be off tonight because I got some to deal with whether that'd be up or down here, but
Michael Hudson: It's really not something to discuss, you know, and that's why Dr. Davis and didn't know anything about I've never brought it up, never talked to you about one time and it's not
Michael Hudson: Hard, you know, you look at it and it just goes by so quick. I mean it happens even just what you do and it just goes like that and go to sleep and get up the next day and you start all over again. And it's not something you look at, like,
Michael Hudson: Not a challenge is just what it is. It's what it is, you know, just the way things are. And you deal with what you have to deal with and
Michael Hudson: That's the only way you can do it if you lay down or you give up. You can't give up. I mean, you saw the choice. You just stopped breathing cycle happen.
Michael Hudson: And keep on reading. I wish you were dead, but you're not gonna die. There is time to get off the earth, unless you know do something stupid. So what choice do you have, you know, if you
Michael Hudson: Call it stuck. It's just the way things are. That makes sense.
Richelle Direny: To do things. Are you just have to
Michael Hudson: It's the
Michael Hudson: Same thing you do. I mean, it's what you do every day it's love it's love it's care, it's just in you and that's just what you do. Some people don't have an element that's just their that's their deal done no judgment and just saying they would do whatever. But, you know, you
Michael Hudson: Do what you do. Because of that, and you understand when I say what I'm saying. And it's just they're just happens every day. That's just went from there is a bad Sunday's hell yeah it's bad. So
Michael Hudson: Good Sunday is funny. Some days has been good to laugh at me, but
Michael Hudson: You know nothing funny funny about it, but I'm just saying that
Michael Hudson: You've been, I've been through every way that you can go through this feel sorry for yourself. I'm depressed. I don't want to
Michael Hudson: You know it's nothing's ever going to be good for me. I'm always going to be like the you know you everything you've ever thank God I'm probably sat and thought about our thoughts.
Michael Hudson: And then they're going to kick in, say, look, you know, two choices. I can either sit here and mope and feel sorry for myself and watch everything gets screwed up or you can go on and do what you're supposed to do. And there's always something good, that comes out that day, you know, I mean,
Michael Hudson: It's not something good.
Richelle Direny: Something that happens and you can look back at the end of that day and says, What did I learn from this and I went through it. And so now there's something good on the, on the other end of it. So are you willing to go through
Richelle Direny: Whatever you have to go through. It's kind of like, you know, you sometimes I pray, I want to be a little bit more humble you pray for humility you pray for humility. Humility is not just going to zap and you're going to get it.
Richelle Direny: You have to go through something
Richelle Direny: So that you can learn humility, at the end of it. So now you've gotten what you prayed for you just never expected
Richelle Direny: To get it the way you got it, but you'll get the humility. You just have to go through something to understand what being humble is you have to have experienced something in life.
Richelle Direny: To really know when I'm teaching you about humility. I'm not teaching you just because I read it in a book I'm teaching it to you because I went through life.
Richelle Direny: To understand what humility is and that's just kind of how you know like even with everything that you're going through even with your wife.
Richelle Direny: You know, maybe you can teach someone else maybe later on that might be at the beginning of the road where they have challenges within their own relationship and they don't think they can get through it. Maybe you can say, hey, listen.
Richelle Direny: You know, you, you, it will you can get it. You can go through it, because oftentimes, like you said you don't talk about your life at work, but then maybe there is somebody that one day you can share with them.
Richelle Direny: And then they'll be like, Oh my god, I didn't know what's going on. Yeah, just because you see me. That doesn't mean I don't have a war that I have to deal with.
Richelle Direny: Behind closed doors, doesn't mean that I'm not fighting a war behind closed doors and so I'm just letting you know so you can be an encouragement for someone. But again, you first have to be completely aware what is it that I'm going through. How can I get through this day and what
Richelle Direny: coping skills. Can I use to help me to get through this day mentally and emotionally because those are the two things that are very important emotions often give us different thoughts and like you said, it can lead you. This direction or that direction, it can lead you in two different
Richelle Direny: Pattern. You have to be fully aware of the emotions because emotions they come in, go all the time. I'm mad right now I get over it. I'm happy I stopped. Nobody can be mad, the whole day and nobody can be happy to hold their
Richelle Direny: Emotions. They come and they go, they cycle the emotion cycle and
Michael Hudson: Because your brain is always I've been listening to books audiobooks. And these guys said emotions are tied to your thoughts and your thought
Michael Hudson: If you think that you're mad or angry, then you're then you're mad, but that's because your brain is telling your body the brain drives everything right, you have to take that breath and
Michael Hudson: Practicing is like six months you take that breath and try to calm that down. I'm not a violent person never been
Michael Hudson: Angry yeah I've been a really but not by me or anything like that. And so
Michael Hudson: Your brain is constantly constant going every time when you stop. It's still going. So I breathe. And the guy said, you know, you breathe.
Michael Hudson: And you think about it, okay, breathes. Then I caught myself breathing six times. Well, all day long. You believe and you don't think about it any other time anything
Michael Hudson: That's what your brain does is kicking out the emotions. Every time you go right here it's thinking about you're getting mad, and then you're happy.
Richelle Direny: And then all of that a couple together sugars or behavior or response.
Richelle Direny: And so emotionally a mad, your brain. Your brain is saying, Okay, I'm mad about something, emotionally, you start acting a certain way and then it kicks out a response and then
Richelle Direny: Once you kick out the response you realize this is what I was thinking I was feeling and now look what I did. And now all of the emotion and thoughts go away based on how
Richelle Direny: You took it.
Michael Hudson: What directory. Actually, I think.
Michael Hudson: That's where I take it.
Richelle Direny: Mm hmm. It's like, I don't know. I don't know. You know what you believe. But it's kind of like there's this biblical saying be angry but sin not.
Richelle Direny: And it simply means that it's okay to be angry.
Richelle Direny: Be mindful of your reaction because your reaction can go into different directions. It could be bad, or it can be good. So it says be angry, but be mindful of how you react to that emotion.
Richelle Direny: And that's all the same. It's okay. You can be mad somebody cut you off on the road, you can be mad, are you now going to jump out your car.
Richelle Direny: And go take like I this actually unfolded in front of me one day and I was like my heart was beating as I was seeing this
Richelle Direny: I don't know what somebody that I know they cut the person off. I don't know what they did this guy jumps out of his car and he's Raven and I swear to you, Michael.
Richelle Direny: In just that flash of the moment I thought this was going to get a gun, just how he was behaving. And I'm like, oh God, please like and then eventually like turn and everybody start moving, so he jumped in his car and he was just acting erratic, but I'm just like,
Richelle Direny: If he really had reacted how my mind was playing out the whole scenario. Now you were angry and it was okay for you to be angry. But then your reaction could have landed you behind bars for a lifetime.
Mm hmm.
Michael Hudson: Absolutely. My sister has road rage. Right. And she was an executive and Lamar and she's
Michael Hudson: She's going down the road in Columbus and going completely off and you know she i'm not talking a little bit of road rage. I don't ride with her at all.
Michael Hudson: And she gets home parks or car. Well, guess who walks around the corner. It's the guy that lives above or in this little apartment complex that she just moved into he loved the note on a car. So she saw him doing it just want to let you know that I live here. And if you, you know,
Michael Hudson: I guess he was. I don't know what the notes here, but that was her. She thought she never see the guy again.
Wow.
Michael Hudson: Yeah, right. So she had to move because that she moved out of there, about a month after that and I had to go move her again.
Richelle Direny: Simply because it
Michael Hudson: Says,
Richelle Direny: Be angry but sin, not because you never know what because when you sometimes when you you have to be in control of it, it's only an emotion that's going to pass on by
Richelle Direny: And depending on the especially the intensity of the emotion. Sometimes it could take you down the wrong path.
Richelle Direny: And that half can ultimately lead to your very destruction or it can be. It's just really truly just how you respond to it. So I think ultimately
Richelle Direny: You know, all in all, it's just you have to take any emotional and mental inventory of yourself daily just to ensure
Richelle Direny: If I want to be successful at the end of the day, I have to be aware of these passing emotions and not let it lead me down a road of destruction or Ultimate Despair because on
Richelle Direny: Regret
Richelle Direny: Is something that
Richelle Direny: Your conscience, please on you all the time.
Richelle Direny: And that alone can really make you spiral down is just living in regret. So just, you know, just take a emotional and mental
Richelle Direny: Inventory daily just off yourself first, and be kind of where you need to be at homeostasis, or try to be at homeostasis daily, especially in these
Richelle Direny: troubling times that we're faced with because you know what, when you still remain at homeostasis, at least try. You can definitely be there for your wife 100%
Richelle Direny: And you can be there for anybody else that you need to be there at 100% but if your mind is so unstable. You ain't no used to her.
Michael Hudson: No good anyone else. Exactly right.
Richelle Direny: So,
Richelle Direny: You know, just
Richelle Direny: Just, just stay where you need to be just a daily and you know it. Don't watch too much that news because you know that sometimes people just that's just like turn it off just turn it off because
Michael Hudson: That was just my hobby. I actually laughed about it, you know, watch you know people whine, just like little babies, because you guys President and I watched the other side.
Michael Hudson: You know, a president can't speak a whole sentence without making some kind of Bourbon steak, but he's president and it's just so funny. The whole thing just
Michael Hudson: Loud I don't go around telling vote on the honestly I just don't vote because I know the waste of my time, it is to go down there and vote. So I figured that out a long time ago. So
Michael Hudson: Thank you for talking to me today. I appreciate you mean when you made me. You made my day. Happy. Happy.
Richelle Direny: Okay then. So just let me know. Um, you say you come to you're going to start coming to the wind groups on someone.
Michael Hudson: I'll be there Tuesday this Tuesday.
Michael Hudson: Tuesday at eight.
Michael Hudson: Okay, that's my normal time she's asked me to come twice a month, so I will be
Michael Hudson: A lot easier.
Richelle Direny: Okay. All right, then. And if you
Michael Hudson: Do this again.
Richelle Direny: Okay, just let me know if you want me to put you on my calendar. Now, or if you want to just call me let me know what based on your availability. Just call in and they can plug you in on my calendar.
Michael Hudson: Gotcha. You take care of yourself.
Richelle Direny: You to wash up
Richelle Direny: Have a good one.
Michael Hudson: You too. Thanks.